Fix segfault when emiting warning for empty contracts with custom layout near the end of storage (#16682)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:

Bugfixes:

> * Custom Storage Layout: Fix UB when emitting warning for contracts with no variables near the end of storage.

Reviewer: I find "UB" a bit too ambiguous here.

```suggestion
* Custom Storage Layout: Fix segfault when emitting warning for contracts with no variables near the end of storage.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Custom Storage Layout: Fix segfault when emitting the "too close to end of storage" warning for contracts with no storage variables.
```

* General: Remove support for the experimental EOF (EVM Object Format) backend.

Bugfixes:

> * Custom Storage Layout: Fix segfault when emitting the "too close to end of storage" warning for contracts with no storage variables.

Reviewer 2: Before we merge, please double check that last part here is actually correct. That's what #16678 claims, but we also have #16681 which indicates that it should be happening regardless of that. Though if I understand correctly, #16681 says that the segfault does not happen in a release version of the compiler?

Author: Right. Both of those issues are UB, but the segfault was reproduced only in `afl-clang-fast++`.
I guess we should mention UB instead of segfault?

Reviewer 2: No, I'd focus on the segfault. Undefined behavior is not relevant to the user, just the visible consequences of it.

Author: Ok, just removed the bit about having no storage variables, since #16681 reports the UB because of the use of `ranges::actions::reverse` on a rvalue.

Reviewer 2: To be clear, I did not mean it is necessarily incorrect, just to double check :)

From what I understood from the issues, the segfault was there only in cases with no storage variables and only when the compiler was compiled with clang. It was also segfaulting in general but only in an AFL++ fuzzing build so it would not be observable to users of a release binary. If that's correct, then the changelog entry should have been left as is (i.e. with the "for contracts with no storage variables" bit).

Author: Ah right! Got it now.
The segfault only happens in AFL, releases are not affected.
I have restored the entry.
